what's up dudes listen to say thank you
thank you thank you yes 1000 subscribers
men from fans oh well thousand
subscribers did now when we started this
it was actually a loan to know just my
channel and we started off recording
with a phone yeah it sounds like
maniacally into yeah and then open the
screen yeah and a weapon about six
months into it I'll computer Brooke yeah
the computer broke that was right I mean
check we changed the whole channel you
know we started doing the boyfriend vs
girlfriend and in slowly and surely our
kids died come into it so then we
started making it like our family
channel is a compound tonight is feeling
super gaming family look man is ready
super gaming family I'm so up bases a
big bank used to saying all of our
subscribers everyone are supporting our
channel and dues over 400,000 views
that's crazy 400 i've been with nearly
hit you know the half a million more
that's called half a million of views do
and i can't believe it um we was gonna
do a game and set up being for 1000
scrub but we're not we're gonna save
that for 10,000 subs yeah we're going to
show you one thing on new addition we're
going to show you a new addition to it
we've got this today this is our
recording audio our master cool in an
ethical that is one thing what we're not
gonna spoil it do is we're going to set
up a 10,000 sub so if you really want to
see that make sure you put all of our
videos on your facebook when your
twitter instagram FB you can go after
10,000 selves and you see this cool
stuff here but do that we did 1000 subs
thank you very much to everyone else
watching our videos and keep on watching
them dudes you know you know what we
love we love the feedback that's the
best thing about this but we love
reading what people want to say to us
and asking us questions and we've got a
facebook with laura member dues if you
don't write to us on on on youtube when
if we come on to our Facebook the link
is below just to keep them to that come
on to our Facebook talk to us privately
for facebook we're cool man dudes recall
ah so 1000 subs thank you very much four
hundred thousand sort of over 400,000
views and going strong crazy it's crazy
I don't afford that we don't you get it
I know what I when we look I'm another
condo views on the UM the you to be
since I we're getting 2,000 views or
more every single day that's not thanks
to you guys man thanks to you good over
2,000 views a day every single day I
remember before I couldn't even get
about 10 a nice leaving at ten be there
now get on 2,000 that is it's insane oh
yeah the channel is man yeah it's crazy
like I don't we Ben do now think about a
well us to give up about since lashes
timba fingerstyle yeah so just over here
with us by cider channel about yeah and
a member in about two years ago
something there's something that I yeah
but I didn't really kick off until we
started doing it all together so just
over here we're just were saying our
dogs needing my face on that air oh yeah
yeah dude but yeah it's just crazy how
he's grown from nothing to this it was
just a hobby to us and they like if we
weren't doing this we'll just we'll sit
now watching TV us I am we love playing
games before why not share it we just
share the whole experience of everyone
and Shannon up and lovin fernman
and you guys like it and that's what we
like that's cool so keep up subbing us
dudes more views tell your friends about
our smile for your friends at their
friends tell their friends friends
friend that way yeah yeah yeah total
artemis way that uncle brothers sisters
cousins subscribe this is worthless grab
ya all right to do thank you very much
and we'll see you at ten thousand sub
mark with this beautiful gaming setup
we've got loads of goodies to show you
and by then up already can have some
more editions so that's cool did that
guy is cool dude that's how we do all of
our work in a yeah yeah well that's all
as I've fun you see
I do work IE did what identified ok see
ya